I started hanging out with this guy in college because neither of us had really found a solid group of friends yet. He had his girlfriend and I had mine and they took up most of our time. Needless to say we were both pretty stoked to have found each other.

We met on an intramural softball team and hung out a couple times. Played some video games, drank a couple beers, that sort of thing. He had a single dorm room in one of the newer dorm buildings, which was cool. It had a living space and an individual bathroom and everything. He liked it because he could have his girlfriend over all the time without worrying about a roommate walking in while they fucked. Meanwhile, my roommate never seemed to leave our room. So, whenever we hung out, it was usually at his place.

One weekend when both our girlfriends were busy with their own friend groups, he invited me over for a few beers after a softball game. So, I went home, showered, changed into the only clean clothes I had left (grey sweatpants and a tshirt my girlfriend got me from the school store). Literally everything else was spilling out of my hamper. I didn't have any clean underwear so I just went commando.

I got to his place around four in the afternoon and felt grateful he was dressed similar to me: shorts and a tank top. It meant I didn't have to worry about him wanting to go out or anything. He had an athletic build, a lot like me, but he wasn't beefy or anything. He was active. Outdoorsy too. He had the farmer's tan to prove it and the shaggy sun bleached brown hair too.

We cracked open a beer and played some mario kart on his DS for a while. The hours passed and our empty beer cans multiplied.

"I'm starting to feel it," he said.

"Bro, same."

"Kind of done with video games. How about you?"

"I'm good to just chill for a while. What do you have in mind?"

He shrugged. "You wanna watch some porn?" It was so casual. So normal sounding. Also, yes, I very much did.

"Sure," I replied. We both laughed.

He grabbed his laptop and flipped it open. He air played his screen onto the TV and asked me if I had a "go to video."

I said no but told him my favorite category: "Blowjobs."

He pulled up a video and we both cracked another beer. After that video we watched another, his choice. Then another we both agreed on. And another beer.

Then, he touched himself over his shorts. "Bro, I'm sorry if this is weird but can I take my dick out? If not I might need to ask you to leave so I can jerk off." He laughed to punctuate the awkwardness.

"Not all all, man. It's your place."

"You can take yours out if you want too?"

"Really?"

"Yeah, I don't mind."

"You're sure?"

"Yeah."

"For real?"

"Yes, stop asking," he laughed, as he reached into his shorts and pulled out his cock. I side eyed it. I don't know how else to say this but I've always loved a good looking cock. I was never, like, attracted to men or anything. I had no desire to kiss one, and I very much loved my girlfriend, but a hard pretty cock just sort of... I don't know. It turned me on.

"Bro, please don't make me be the only one with my dick out."

"Oh, sorry," I laughed. I reached into my sweatpants and grabbed ahold of myself and pulled it out into the open air. It throbbed at the exposure.

"Whoa," he said. "Nice one, man."

"Dude, you too. Thank God neither of us has a small dick."

He laughed super hard at that. "I didn't think about that."

He kept his eyes on the TV where two women were sixty-nining each other, but I couldn't stop glancing at his cock while he stroked it.

It wasn't skinny at all. Not too girthy either, though. It wasn't much longer than mine and I was a solid 7 inches (I had checked many times). Also, it was so rock fucking hard. Just like me.

I don't know what came over me but I had to touch it. I needed to feel it in my hand. Maybe it was the alcohol or the porn or the hormones or whatever but I reached over and said, "Do you mind?"

"What?" he asked, surprised. But he moved his hand away to make room for me. So I wrapped my fingers around the base of it and felt it pulse.

"Holy shit," he moaned at my touch. Without skipping a beat, he reached over and grabbed my cock too.

I can say this with full 100% honesty. I have never been harder in my fucking life.

I watched him glance from the porn down to his cock with my hand around it while I stroked him and he stroked me. Until he turned to me and said, "are you even watching the porn?"

"Huh? Oh, yeah. I mean, yeah."

He laughed. Both of us knew I was lying. "You kind of look like you want to suck it."

I did. So badly I did. I loved going down on my girlfriend but she didn't care for it. She was a bit ticklish but I just loved the idea of turning someone else on. Making them feel good. Being the one to make them feel good turned me on. Girls are sometimes hard to understand that way. Boys, on the other hand. There is no second guessing at a hard cock and there is no performing when a guy cums.

"I mean.... Can I?" I asked.

"Can you what?"

I nodded toward his cock.

"Really?"

"Yeah, I mean, fuck it why not?" I tried to play it cool.

"Umm, I guess, man. For real?"

"Yeah."

"Go for it."

I swung down off the futon onto my knees, between his legs. Seeing his cock up close only made me so much harder. It felt like my own dick was going to burst out of its skin.

I wrapped both my hands around him and brought my face close. I could see every detail of it. And I could see him looking down at me, face full of anticipation.

I opened my mouth and set my lips on the back of it. He moaned immediately but I don't know who it made feel better, me or him. I ran my tongue up to the tip.

"You sure this is cool?" I asked. I knew the answer but I wanted to hear him say it. I wanted him to ask me for it.

"Yes. Please," he said. The word escaped his lips before he even knew the implications of it, but I didn't let him process those implications either.

I wrapped my lips around his cock and pulled as much of him into my mouth as I could. I pulled back and then swallowed as much of it as I could again. I could only get about half of his cock into my mouth comfortably. But I wanted the whole thing. I wanted to touch that cock all night. I wanted to lick and stroke and suck on every part of it. I wanted to worship it.

I used both hands and my mouth. I lost myself in his pleasure. In the sound of his moaning. The shaking of his legs. The twitching of his cock.

"Bro, slow down," he begged. But I wouldn't. I couldn't. "I'm gunna cum."

I pulled my mouth off but kept my hands working. I wanted to see it. I wanted to watch him erupt. And he did. His cock pulsed and a massive rope of cum shot straight up into the air, halfway to the ceiling, before it fell right back down onto my face. And then another. And another. And another. He came like I didn't think men could. He came so much and for so long I wondered if it was ever going to stop.

When it finally did he took a deep breath and said "Dude, holy shit."

"What?" I asked, wanting him to tell me more.

"That was by far the best head I've ever gotten." And then he stood up.

"Where are you going?"

"I'm gunna go shower off. You cool to...?" He pointed at the porn still playing on the TV.

"Oh, yeah, for sure."

"Cool." He walked away into the bathroom. I heard him turn the shower on. But I was still rock hard. Hornier than I've ever been in my entire life. More excited than I've ever been too.

So, after a couple minutes, I got up, walked into the bathroom, took off my clothes, and stepped into the shower with him.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"I'm not done yet," I said as I got down on my knees.

It took him over an hour to cum that time. And I loved every moment of it.